Add support for ocean sendRawDataExamples (#111)
port-labs/helm-charts: charts/port-ocean/README.md

| `initializePortResources`                        | When set to true, creates a default JQ mapping and the relevant blueprints                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `true`                      |
| `scheduledResyncInterval`                        | The number in minutes to reschedule and poll data from the 3rd party system                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `null`                      |

> | `sendRawDataExamples`                            | Enable sending of raw data examples to port for test a mapping                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `null`                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sendRawDataExamples`                            | Enable sending raw data examples from the third party API to port for testing and managing the integration mapping                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `null`                      |
```
